王俞鑫 I'm speaking to whoever spoke to me last night.
吴佳豪 I suppose that would be me.
王俞鑫 Okay. I can't see you.
吴佳豪 Up here, in the corner.
吴佳豪 The other corner.
王俞鑫 I'm sorry. I still can't see you.
吴佳豪 Move a little closer. I'll come down.
王俞鑫 Oh...Hi, you are...?
徐栋鑫 Look. I've got a long day ahead of me, and I'm trying to get a little…
徐栋鑫 Spider! Spider! Get it away from me! Get it away ! Get it away...
李相如 All right. Keep your distance there.
徐栋鑫 That thing is creepy. 
李相如 Golly...you're not being rude, are you?
徐栋鑫 No, no, no . I meant "creepy" in the nice way.
李相如 You know, creepy good.
李相如 Disgusting. They eat their menfolk you know. -I know.
吴佳豪 Well, still wanna chat, or are you gonna join them.
王俞鑫 I've never met a spider before.Did you make that?
王俞鑫 Is that what you were concentrating on last night?
吴佳豪 Yes! 
王俞鑫  It's amazing.Think you could teach me how to make one of those?
吴佳豪 Oh! Hold that thought, please.
王俞鑫 What are you doing? 
吴佳豪 Making breakfast.
王俞鑫 Oh, boy. 
吴佳豪 Relax!First, I give him a little nip to anesthetize him,so he'll be more comfortable.It's a  little service I throw in.Then I wrap him up.Then I just say grace because, well, that's always nice and he'll make a perfectly delicious meal.
王俞鑫 So, you eat flies?
吴佳豪 No, no, no . I drink their blood.
徐栋鑫 Ah...
李相如 Lying down on the job, hey? 
李相如 Fainted like a girl.
王俞鑫 That's disgusting.
吴佳豪 Well, that's easy for you to say.You have all your meals brought to you in a pail.I don't get that kind of royal treatment.I am a trapper. I have to catch my food.Which is why I make my home near you.
徐栋鑫 Plea se don't hurt me.
吴佳豪 Well, since you've said "please". Haha...
吴佳豪 And just imagine how many bugs there would be in this barn,no, actually, in the world, if spiders don't catch them,insects will take over the planet ...The way I see it. I'm doing everyone a favor.
王俞鑫 Except for the fly.
吴佳豪 Haha...yes... Except for the fly.I think now is the time for me to say "salutations".
王俞鑫 What? 
吴佳豪 Salutations.
王俞鑫 Oh... Okay, I will leave.
吴佳豪 No, Wilbur.Salutation's just a fancy way of saying "hello".
王俞鑫 Oh, hello.Hey! You know my name. What's yours?
吴佳豪 My name?My name is Charlotte.Charlotte A Cavatica
王俞鑫 Charlotte... Great name!
吴佳豪 Thank you. I've always thought so.
王俞鑫 Hey. Since you've said saluta…You know, that word, does that mean we're friends?
吴佳豪 Mm... I suppose it does. Yeah.. . Haha, whoa...
李相如 Golly, go see what's going on over there.
徐栋鑫 What's going on...Hey, kid. What's going on over here?
王俞鑫 Oh sorry, I just made a new friend. That's all.
徐栋鑫 The spider? Oh, yeah. Good choice.
李相如 Yeah, perfect.You picked someone even more despised than me.
王俞鑫 Why would anyone despise Charlotte?She made that amazing web and she keeps bugs out of the barn.
李相如 Look at her.I mean, don't you think she's a little... Oh...what's the word? Eww!
王俞鑫 I think she's beautiful.
徐栋鑫 I beg your pardon. She's hideous.Are we even seeing the same ruddy creature?
王俞鑫 I guess not.
李相如 Hopeless.
徐栋鑫 What a sorry little friendship that's going to be!
徐栋鑫 There's an old expression that says that ignorance is bliss.And I'm inclined to believe it's true.Because on that late spring day, Wilbur was as happy as a pig could be.And those spring days rolled into summer day,days filled with endless conversation between the two unlikeliest friends.
王俞鑫 Charlotte, what's a spring pig?
吴佳豪 A pig who was born in the spring.
王俞鑫 Oh... And I thought it ment bouncy.
吴佳豪 That would be a springy pig.
李相如 After Mrs. Mallard had laid eight eggs in the nest,she couldn't go to visit Michael anymore, because she had to sit on the eggs to keep them warm.She moved off the nest only to get a drink of water, or to have her lunch,or to count the eggs and make sure they're all there.
