吴佳豪: I suppose that would be me.
吴佳豪: Up here, in the corner.
吴佳豪: The other corner.
吴佳豪: Move a little closer. I'll come down.
吴佳豪: Well, still wanna chat, or are you gonna join them.
吴佳豪: Yes!
吴佳豪: Oh! Hold that thought, please.
吴佳豪: Making breakfast.
吴佳豪: Relax!First, I give him a little nip to anesthetize him,so he'll be more comfortable.
        It's a little service I throw in.Then I wrap him up.Then I just say grace because, well, 
        that's always nice and he'll make a perfectly delicious meal.
吴佳豪: No, no, no . I drink their blood.
吴佳豪: Well, that's easy for you to say.You have all your meals brought to you in a pail.
        I don't get that kind of royal treatment.I am a trapper. I have to catch my food.
        Which is why I make my home near you.
吴佳豪: Well, since you've said "please". Haha...
吴佳豪: And just imagine how many bugs there would be in this barn,no, actually, in the world, 
        if spiders don't catch them,insects will take over the planet ...The way I see it. 
        I'm doing everyone a favor.
吴佳豪: Haha...yes... Except for the fly.I think now is the time for me to say "salutations".
吴佳豪: Salutations.
吴佳豪: No, Wilbur.Salutation's just a fancy way of saying "hello".
吴佳豪: My name?My name is Charlotte.Charlotte A Cavatica
吴佳豪: Thank you. I've always thought so.
吴佳豪: Mm... I suppose it does. Yeah.. . Haha, whoa...
吴佳豪: A pig who was born in the spring.
吴佳豪: That would be a springy pig.

徐栋鑫: Look. I've got a long day ahead of me, and I'm trying to get a little…
徐栋鑫: Spider! Spider! Get it away from me! Get it away ! Get it away...
徐栋鑫: That thing is creepy.
徐栋鑫: No, no, no . I meant "creepy" in the nice way.
徐栋鑫: Ah...
徐栋鑫: Plea se don't hurt me.
徐栋鑫: What's going on...Hey, kid. What's going on over here?
徐栋鑫: The spider? Oh, yeah. Good choice.
徐栋鑫: I beg your pardon. She's hideous.Are we even seeing the same ruddy creature?
徐栋鑫: What a sorry little friendship that's going to be!
徐栋鑫: There's an old expression that says that ignorance is bliss.
        And I'm inclined to believe it's true.Because on that late spring day, 
        Wilbur was as happy as a pig could be.And those spring days rolled 
        into summer day,days filled with endless conversation between the two unlikeliest friends.

王俞鑫: I'm speaking to whoever spoke to me last night.
王俞鑫: Okay. I can't see you.
王俞鑫: I'm sorry. I still can't see you.
王俞鑫: Oh...Hi, you are...?
王俞鑫: I've never met a spider before.Did you make that?
王俞鑫: Is that what you were concentrating on last night?
王俞鑫: It's amazing.Think you could teach me how to make one of those?
王俞鑫: What are you doing?
王俞鑫: Oh, boy.
王俞鑫: So, you eat flies?
王俞鑫: That's disgusting.
王俞鑫: Except for the fly.
王俞鑫: What?
王俞鑫: Oh... Okay, I will leave.
王俞鑫: Oh, hello.Hey! You know my name. What's yours?
王俞鑫: Charlotte... Great name!
王俞鑫: Hey. Since you've said saluta…You know, that word, does that mean we're friends?
王俞鑫: Oh sorry, I just made a new friend. That's all.
王俞鑫: Why would anyone despise Charlotte?She made that amazing web and she keeps bugs out of the barn.
王俞鑫: I think she's beautiful.
王俞鑫: I guess not.
王俞鑫: Charlotte, what's a spring pig?
王俞鑫: Oh... And I thought it ment bouncy.

李相如: All right. Keep your distance there.
李相如: Golly...you're not being rude, are you?
李相如: You know, creepy good.
李相如: Disgusting. They eat their menfolk you know. -I know.
李相如: Lying down on the job, hey?
李相如: Fainted like a girl.
李相如: Golly, go see what's going on over there.
李相如: Yeah, perfect.You picked someone even more despised than me.
李相如: Look at her.I mean, don't you think she's a little... Oh...what's the word? Eww!
李相如: Hopeless.
李相如: After Mrs. Mallard had laid eight eggs in the nest,she couldn't go to visit Michael anymore, 
        because she had to sit on the eggs to keep them warm.She moved off the nest only to get a drink of water, 
        or to have her lunch,or to count the eggs and make sure they're all there.